Hyperlint Automation: Broken Link Fixes (#20542)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/examples/signing-requests.mdx

:::note

> This example Worker makes use of the [Node.js Buffer API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/buffer/), which is available as part of the Worker's runtime [Node.js compatibility mode](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). To run this Worker, you will need to [enable the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/#built-in-nodejs-runtime-apis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example Worker makes use of the [Node.js Buffer API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/buffer/), which is available as part of the Worker's runtime [Node.js compatibility mode](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). To run this Worker, you will need to [enable the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/#get-started).
```
